how are you haven't touched your apple
cake gives me pimples all the Lord where
chesed yeah well please say that I've
got stuck to try and get along with
people better why are you going on about
Carrie I've been invited to the prom
prom yeah senior prom you know
everybody's going is that teacher that
cold wasn't it please say that I'm not
like you mom and funny I mean all the
kids don't come from me I don't wanna be
I wanna be normal I want start to try me
a whole person afford too late for me
his name's Tommy Ross he's very nice boy
no and he promised to stop in no no no
no after all you've been talking
everyone in banmal everything in the sin
under your closet and pray ask shall be
forgiven
he's a nice boy mom you like him you
really like him mama boy the boy the
boys yes the boys do the flies come to
the borders like sniffing dogs
slobbering join them I know where that
smell comes
where the smell is little not know why
they take them head cause I see it all
right well you're not going are you I
would tell that boy you're not going on
go to move from here no move from here
and you'll never see that boy again
Oh